# **Datallog Privacy Statement**

Effective date: Aug 7, 2025

Thanks for trusting Datallog, Inc. ('Datallog', 'we', 'us', 'our') with your personal information, your code, and your projects! We take our responsibility to you very seriously, and so this Privacy Statement describes how we handle your data.

This Privacy Statement applies to all websites we own and operate and to all services we provide (collectively, the 'Services'). So…PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT CAREFULLY. By using the Services, you are expressly and voluntarily accepting the terms and conditions of this Privacy Statement and our [Terms of Service](https://glitch.com/legal), which include allowing us to process information about you.

Datalog will process, transmit and store personal data in accordance with this Privacy Statement, and where Datallog is a data processor, the Data Processing Terms available at <https://Datallog.com/legal/dataprocessing> (the “Data Processing Terms”). By using the Services you agree to be bound by the Data Processing Terms, if applicable. You should not use the Services to process sensitive personal information, secrets, or other sensitive data. Our contact information appears at the end of this Privacy Statement.

## **Table of Contents**

[[toc]]

## 1.Data We Collect

'Personal information' is any information about a user which could, alone or together with other information, personally identify that user, or otherwise be reasonably linked or connected with that user. Information such as a username and password, an email address, a real name, an Internet protocol (IP) address, and a photograph are examples of 'personal information.'

Personal information does not include aggregated, non-personally identifying information that does not identify a user or cannot otherwise be reasonably linked or connected with that user (See [Section 4](https://glitch.com/legal/privacy#AggregateDeIdentifiedInformation) for further detail). We may use such aggregated, non-personally identifying information for research purposes and to operate, analyze, improve, and optimize our Services.

We do not intentionally collect 'sensitive personal information,' such as personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data (where processed to uniquely identify someone), and/or data concerning health or data concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation. Our Services are not intended for storing or processing personal information. If despite this you choose to store any sensitive personal information on our servers, you are responsible for complying with any regulatory controls regarding that data.

Datallog also does not knowingly collect information from, or direct any of our content specifically to, children under the age of 13. Children under the age of 13 are not permitted to use the Services. If we learn or have reason to suspect that a user is under the age of 13, we will have to close their account. For further information, please see [Section 11](https://glitch.com/legal/privacy#ChildrensPrivacy) and our [Terms of Service](https://glitch.com/legal).

The table below describes the different types of information we collect about you (personal and otherwise), why we use that information, and where we received that information.
| **Categories of information collected** | **Purposes of use (see chart below for additional information)** | **Sources of information** |
|-----------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------|
| **Account registration information,** e.g., alias, password, email address, username, and images such as avatars and cover photos | - Provide the Services<br>- Communicate with you<br>- Secure our Services and users<br>- Fraud prevention and legal purposes | - You<br>- Third-party service |
| **Contact information,** e.g., email address | - Provide the Services<br>- Communicate with you<br>- Personalize your experience<br>- Secure our Services and users<br>- Fraud prevention and legal purposes | - You |
| **Financial and transactional information,** e.g., name, postal address, credit or debit card number, and verification number, expiration date, and information about your transactions with us | - Provide the services<br>- Communicate with you<br>- Secure our Service and users<br>- Fraud prevention and legal purposes | - You<br>- Third-party payment processors who collect this information on our behalf and who also have an independent relationship with you |
| **User-generated content,** e.g. photos, videos, audio, information embedded in such content, any information you submit in public forums and message boards, and feedback or testimonials you provide about our Services | - Provide the Services<br>- Secure our Services and users<br>- Fraud prevention and legal purposes | - You<br>- Third-party services that you connect to and access, such as GitHub<br>- Other users who provide information about you in connection with the Services |
| **Customer service information,** e.g., questions and other messages you address to us directly through online forms, by email, over the phone, or by post | - Communicate with you<br>- Provide the Services<br>- Secure our Services and users<br>- Fraud prevention and legal purposes | - You |
| **Research or survey information,** e.g., we collect information from you if you participate in internal Datallog surveys about our Services and ways we can improve our Services | - Communicate with you<br>- Provide the Services<br>- Secure our Services and users<br>- Fraud prevention and legal purposes | - You<br>- Survey partners<br>- Researchers and analysts |
| **Information about others,** e.g., if you use a tool that allows you to send information to another person, or invite them to participate in a project on the Services, or you include another's information within our Services as part of your project, we may collect that person's email address. If you provide us with another person's information, make sure you are authorized to do so. | - Provide the Services<br>- Personalize your experience<br>- Fraud prevention and legal purposes | - You<br>- Other users (if you are the recipient of a communication) |
| **Device information and identifiers,** e.g., IP address; browser type and language; operating system; platform type; device type; software and hardware attributes; and unique device, advertising, and app identifiers | - Provide the Services<br>- Personalize your experience<br>- Secure our Services and users<br>- Fraud prevention and legal purposes | - You<br>- Analytics providers<br>- Cookies and tracking technologies |
| **Connection and usage data,** e.g., information about files you download, domain names, landing pages, browsing and other activity on the Services and other select sites, dates and times of access, pages viewed, forms you complete or partially complete, search terms, uploads or downloads, whether you open an email and your interaction with email content, access times, error logs, and other similar information | - Provide the Services<br>- Personalize your experience<br>- Secure our Services and users<br>- Fraud prevention and legal purposes | - You<br>- Analytics providers<br>- Cookies and tracking technologies |
| **Communications with other users,** e.g., if you use one of our features to send in-service messages, we may collect the content of those messages and information surrounding those messages, such as date/time of the communication | - Provide the Services<br>- Personalize your experience<br>- Secure our Services and users<br>- Fraud prevention and legal purposes | - You<br>- Other users with whom you communicate |
| **Geolocation,** e.g., city, state, country, and ZIP code associated with your IP address | - Provide the Services<br>- Personalize your experience<br>- Secure our Services and users<br>- Fraud prevention and legal purposes | - You<br>- Analytics providers<br>- Cookies and tracking technologies |
| **Social media information,** we may have access to information you provide to a social network, e.g., your name, email address, friend list, photo, gender, location, and current city. We also have access to information you directly give us through our social networking and blogging platforms (e.g., Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, Wordpress, and Twitter) | - Provide the Services<br>- Communicate with you<br>- Personalize your experience<br>- Secure our Services and users<br>- Fraud prevention and legal purposes | - You<br>- Social media networks, in accordance with your privacy preferences on such services |
| **Other information,** e.g., any other information you choose to directly give us in connection with your use of the Services | - Provide the Services<br>- Communicate with you<br>- Personalize your experience<br>- Secure our Services and users<br>- Fraud prevention and legal purposes | - You |

The following chart provides additional information about why and how Datallog collects and uses your information.

<table><thead><tr><th><p><strong>Purposes of Information Use</strong></p></th></tr><tr><th><p><strong>Provide the Services to you. </strong>We may use your information to:</p><ul><li>Create your profile and save your projects</li><li>Display your projects</li><li>Help you collaborate and share your projects with other users</li><li>Process and fulfill your requests and transactions</li><li>Assist you in gathering, editing, and publishing your projects</li></ul></th></tr><tr><th><p><strong>Communicate with you. </strong>We may use your information to:</p><ul><li>Respond to support requests</li><li>Provide you with information about the Services (e.g., inform you about updates to our Services, information about your account, or information about transactions that you conduct on the Services)</li></ul></th></tr><tr><th><p><strong>Personalize your experience. </strong>We may use your information to:</p><ul><li>Find and recommend projects to you</li><li>Send you personalized newsletters, surveys, and information about Datallog products and services</li></ul></th></tr><tr><th><p><strong>Secure our Services and Investigate Fraud. </strong>We may use your information to:</p><ul><li>Monitor, prevent, and detect fraud or attempts to harm Datallog or our users</li><li>Combat spam or other malware or security risks</li><li>Monitor, enforce, and improve the security of our Services</li></ul></th></tr><tr><th><p><strong>Comply with Legal Obligations. </strong>We may use your information to:</p><ul><li>Comply with our legal obligations, including applicable international procedures, laws, and regulations (see <a href="https://glitch.com/legal/privacy#InternationalUsers">Section 7, International Users</a> for further information)</li><li>Protect our intellectual property</li><li>Enforce our <a href="https://glitch.com/legal/legal">Terms of Service</a> and Privacy Statement</li><li>Protect our Services, users, and others</li></ul></th></tr><tr><th><p><strong>Improve our Services. </strong>We may use your information to:</p><ul><li>Analyze, research, measure, and generate reports that help us fix errors within the Services, such as understand and resolve app crashes and other reported issues</li><li>Invite you to take part in surveys, beta programs, or other research projects, subject, where necessary, to your consent</li><li>Better understand how you use Datallog and to improve our Services</li></ul></th></tr></thead></table>

**Combined Information.** We may combine the information we collect from you through the Services with information we collect from other sources, both online and offline. We can only use this combined information in accordance with this Privacy Statement.

**Consent.** We may use all the categories of information set forth above for any purpose with your consent.

## [**2.Cookies and Online Analytics**](https://glitch.com/legal/privacy#CookiesandOnlineAnalytics)

We use a number of third-party web analytics and service providers (such as Google Analytics) to compile statistical reports on activity, to assist us in auditing, to help us improve our content and Services performance, to aid in fraud prevention, and to provide certain features to you.

We also use a variety of online tracking and analytics tools (e.g., cookies, pixel tags, and HTML5) to collect and analyze information as you use the Services. By understanding and remembering your particular browsing and usage preferences, these technologies allow us to offer you a more tailored user experience.

The types of tracking and analytics tools we and our service providers use are:

- **Cookies.** 'Cookies' are small data files stored on your computer or device to collect information about your use of the Services. Cookies allow us to enhance your experience on the Services by enabling us to recognize you as the same user who used our Services in the past (e.g., by storing your username), by allowing us to connect your use of the Services to other information we have about you, and by allowing us to use general usage and aggregated statistical information to personalize your user experience. Most browsers can be set to detect cookies, and most browsers give you an opportunity to reject them. But refusing, blocking, disabling, or managing cookies may limit your use of our Services or features. Click to [learn more about the use of cookies, including how to manage or delete them](https://www.allaboutcookies.org/).
- **Local Shared Objects.** 'Local shared objects,' are similar to cookies. They can be used to store user preferences, save data, and/or track your activity on the Services. Local shared objects may be stored on your computer or device using a media player or other software. Although local shared objects operate much like cookies, they cannot be managed in the same way. Depending on how local shared objects are enabled on your computer or device, you may be able to manage them using software settings. Click for [more information on managing local shared objects](https://glitch.com/legal/www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html#117118).
- **Pixel Tags.** A 'pixel tag' (also known as a 'clear GIF' or 'web beacon') is a tiny image – typically just one-pixel – that can be placed on a web page or in electronic communications. Pixel tags help us measure the effectiveness of our content by letting us know whether you have opened one of our emails or have visited one of our web pages. Click for [more information on managing web beacons](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_beacon).

**Do Not Track.** Do Not Track ('DNT') is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected on our website for online advertising and analytics purposes, and that is why we provide the variety of opt-out mechanisms listed above. However, we do not currently recognize or respond to browser-initiated DNT signals. Learn more about [Do Not Track](https://allaboutdnt.com/).

## [**3.How We Share Your Data**](https://glitch.com/legal/privacy#HowWeShareYourData)

The chart below explains when we may share your Personal Information with third parties and the categories of information that will be shared with those third parties.

<table><thead><tr><th><p><strong>Circumstance</strong></p></th><th><p><strong>Categories of information shared</strong></p></th></tr><tr><th><p><strong>With your Consent. </strong>With your consent, we share your personal information after letting you know what information will be shared, with whom, and why.</p></th><th><ul><li>All categories of information we collect may be shared with third parties</li></ul></th></tr><tr><th><p><strong>With Service Providers. </strong>We share your information with a limited number of service providers who process it on our behalf to provide or improve our Services. Such service providers include billing and payment processing, sales, marketing, advertising, data analysis and insight, research, technical support and customer service, fulfillment, data storage, security, fraud prevention, risk audits, and legal services. While Datallog processes all user Personal Information within the United States, our service providers may process data outside of the United States or the European Union.</p></th><th><ul><li>All categories of information we collect may be shared with our service providers</li></ul></th></tr><tr><th><p><strong>With Other Individuals and Services. </strong>We will share your information with other individual and services at your request. For example, if you collaborate with another user, we may share the content you submit. Moreover, we may share your information with services with which you connect. Finally, by default, your contributions to the Services are public and published so that anyone can view them. This content may also be available to search engines.</p></th><th><ul><li>Contact and account registration information</li><li>Financial and transactional information</li><li>User-generated content</li><li>Information about others</li><li>Other information</li></ul></th></tr><tr><th><p><strong>For Legal Purposes. </strong>We may access, retain, and disclose information we collect and maintain about you to law enforcement if required: (a) in response to a valid subpoena, court order, search warrant, similar government order, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to comply with our legal obligations; (b) to protect our property, rights, or personal safety of Datallog, its agents and affiliates, its users, and/or those of third parties or the public at large; (c) to respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; and/or (d) to enforce our Terms of Service, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts with you, including the investigation of potential violations. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes.</p></th><th><ul><li>All categories of information we collect may be shared for legal purposes</li></ul></th></tr><tr><th><p><strong>For Corporate Transactions. </strong>We may disclose information in connection with a corporate transaction involving us or an affiliate, including for example a merger, investment, financing transaction, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets.</p></th><th><ul><li>All categories of information we collect may be shared in connection with a business transaction</li></ul></th></tr><tr><th><p><strong>Aggregate, non-personally identifying information. </strong>We share certain aggregated, non-personally identifying information with others about how our users use Datallog, or how our users respond to our Services.</p></th><th><ul><li>All aggregated, non-personally identifying information may be shared</li></ul></th></tr></thead></table>

## [**4.Aggregate/De-Identified Information**](https://glitch.com/legal/privacy#AggregateDeIdentifiedInformation)

We may aggregate and/or de-identify any information collected through the Services so that such information can no longer be linked to you or your device ('Aggregate/De-Identified Information'). We may use Aggregate/De-Identified Information for any purpose, including research and marketing purposes, and we may also share this data with any third parties, including advertisers, promotional partners, and sponsors, in our discretion.

## [**5.Notice About Use of Our Forums and Features**](https://glitch.com/legal/privacy#NoticeAboutUseofOurForumsandFeatures)

Certain features of our Services make it possible for you to share comments publicly and privately with other users, such as through collaborating on projects and playlists, public forums, review features, and message boards. You should be aware that any information you provide or post in these ways may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. While we do not have an obligation to monitor the content of messages sent using our Services, we reserve the right to, in our discretion. We encourage you to be cautious about the information you submit (e.g., choose a username that does not disclose your personal identity). Whenever you post something in our Services, social media, and any other third party platforms we control, it may be impossible to remove all instances of the posted information. You may be required to register with a third-party application to post a comment.

## [**6.Your Choices and Rights**](https://glitch.com/legal/privacy#YourChoicesandRights)

If you are a registered user, you may be able to access and delete certain information associated with your account by logging into the Services and deleting projects or content. Registered and unregistered users can access and delete cookies through their web browser settings.

If you want to delete your account, you can do so from your membership page or by emailing us at <support@Datallog.com> and providing proof of authority over the account. What constitutes 'proof of authority' will vary depending on the circumstances, but generally will require sufficient identifying information so that we can be confident you are the account owner. Deleting your account does not remove all the content you have published from our systems, and we may continue to use the content in accordance with our Terms of Service. In addition, given the nature of sharing on the Services, the public activity on your account prior to deletion may remain stored on our servers and accessible to the public. Even after you delete your account, there may be records of any contributions you have made to projects created by others.

You may also have certain rights with respect to your information as further described in this Section, in addition to any rights discussed elsewhere in this Privacy Statement. Please note that your rights and choices may vary depending upon your location.

**Marketing Communications.** You may tell us to not contact you by email, postal mail, or phone regarding products, services, promotions and special events that might appeal to your interests. You can opt out of this type of correspondence by contacting us (see [Section 13](https://glitch.com/legal/privacy#ContactInformation)), by logging into your account, or by following the instructions located at the bottom of our emails. Removing your name from the email list may take a reasonable amount of time. Please note that, regardless of your request, we may still use and share certain information as permitted by this Privacy Statement or as required by applicable law. For example, you may not opt out of certain operational emails, such as those reflecting our relationship or transactions with you.

**Account Information.** We encourage you to periodically review and update your settings and profile information to reflect your communication preferences. You can access these settings at any time by logging in. If you would like us to close your account, you can reach out to us and we will do so.

**Privacy Rights for California Residents.** If you are a California resident, California law requires us to provide you with some additional information regarding your rights with respect to your 'personal information' (as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act ('CCPA')). Please know that our obligations to you under the CCPA only apply if the CCPA applies to Datallog.

If you are a California resident, the CCPA allows you to make certain requests about your personal information. Specifically, the CCPA allows you to request us to:

- Inform you about the categories of personal information we collect or disclose about you; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information; and the categories of third parties with whom we share/disclose personal information.
- Provide you with access to and/or a copy of certain personal information we hold about you.
- Delete certain personal information we have about you.
- Provide you with information about the financial incentives that we offer to you, if any.

The CCPA further provides you with the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising your rights.

Please note that certain information may be exempt from such requests under California law. For example, we need certain information in order to provide the Service to you or to comply with a legal obligation. We also will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before responding to a request, which may include, at a minimum, depending on the sensitivity of the information you are requesting and the type of request you are making, verifying your name, email address, phone number, or other information. You are also permitted to designate an authorized agent to submit certain requests on your behalf. In order for an authorized agent to be verified, you must provide the authorized agent with signed, written permission to make such requests or a power of attorney. We may also follow up with you to verify your identity before processing the authorized agent’s request. In some circumstances if you still ask us to delete your information, you may no longer be able to access or use our Services. If you would like further information regarding your legal rights under California law or would like to exercise any of them, please contact us at <contato@datallog.com>.

California residents may opt out of the 'sale' of their personal information. Although, we do not believe we engage in the sale of personal information as we currently understand such terms to be defined under applicable law and relevant regulatory guidance, we do share information as described in this Privacy Statement, including with certain analytics and advertising partners who perform certain services like analyzing our Services and showing you ads for Datallog. You can choose to limit the information shared with our analytics and advertising partners by following the steps described in the '‘Cookies’ Information' section of this Privacy Statement.

**California 'Shine the Light' Disclosure.** The California 'Shine the Light' law gives residents of California the right under certain circumstances to opt out of the sharing of certain categories of personal information (as defined in the Shine the Light law) with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. We do not share your personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes.

**Privacy Rights for Nevada Residents.** Under Nevada law, certain Nevada residents may opt out of the 'sale' of their 'covered information' (as such term is defined under Nevada law) to other entities for monetary consideration. 'Covered information' includes first and last name, address, email address, phone number, Social Security Number, or an identifier that allows a specific person to be contacted either physically or online.

We do not engage in such activity; however, if you are a Nevada resident who has purchased or leased goods or services from us, you may submit a request to opt out of the sale of your covered information under Nevada law by emailing us at <contato@datallog.com>. Please note we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of the request.

## [**7.International Users**](https://glitch.com/legal/privacy#InternationalUsers)

Our Services are hosted in the United States. Consistent with our Data Processing Terms, Datallog may subcontract the processing of your data to, or share your data with, trusted service providers and trusted business partners located in countries outside the U.S. or in a country other than your country of residence. These third parties are helping us provide the Services to you. By providing us with your information, you acknowledge the transfer, storage, and/or use of your information by these third parties.

If you live in the European Economic Area ('EEA'), please note that if we provide any information about you to any non-EEA members of our group or third-party information processors, we will take appropriate measures to ensure that these companies protect your information adequately and in accordance with this Privacy Statement and the Data Processing Terms. These measures include signing Standard Contractual Clauses in accordance with EU and other data protection laws. Email us at <datallog@datallog.com> for more information about how these transfers work.

Residents of the EEA, and some other jurisdictions outside the United States, have certain legal rights with respect to the personal data we hold about them. Consistent with the Data Processing Terms, these residents may:

- request that we provide access to personal data we hold about them (including, in some cases, in portable form)
- request that we rectify such data
- request that we delete certain personal data
- object to our uses or disclosures of personal data or exercise legal rights to withdraw consent

Please note that, as specified in the Data Processing Terms, some of your information may be exempt from the above requests. For example, your personal information may be exempt if we need to keep processing your information to perform our contractual obligations or for legal compliance.

To exercise any of the above rights (or any other rights under applicable law), please email us at <contato@datallog.com>.

In addition to the rights above, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection supervisory authority in the country where you are based. Alternatively, you may seek a remedy through local courts if you believe your rights have been breached. However, we encourage you to contact us first, and we will do our very best to resolve your concern.

### **Our legal bases for processing your information**

To the extent that our processing of your Personal Information is subject to certain international laws (including, but not limited to, the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)), Datallog is required to notify you about the legal basis on which we process your Personal Information. The legal bases for using your information as set out in this Privacy Statement are as follows:

- Contract Performance. We require your information to perform our obligations under our contract with you, such as to comply with the[Terms of Service](https://glitch.com/legal/legal). We also need to collect and process your transactional/financial information in order to perform our obligations under our paid account contract with you.
- Consent. We rely on your consent to use your Personal Information when you fill out the information in your user profile; when you decide to participate in a research project, beta program, or survey; and for marketing communications, where applicable. The processing of your Personal Information under this legal basis is entirely optional, and you have the ability to access, modify, and delete your information at any time. You may withdraw your consent at any time.
- Legitimate Interests. The remainder of the processing of Personal Information we perform is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interest, for example, to ensure the security of our Services, operate our business, respond to your questions, engage in certain marketing, make and receive payments, prevent fraud, conduct analysis, improve our platform or services, comply with legal obligations, enforce our legal terms, engage in a business change (e.g., sale, merger), to know the individual to whom we are providing access to the Services, and to create anonymized data.

If you would like to request deletion of data we process on the basis of consent, or if you object to our processing of your Personal Information, please email us at <datallog@datallog.com>.

## [**8.How We Protect Your Data and Our Services**](https://glitch.com/legal/privacy#HowWeProtectYourDataandOurServices)

We take measures to protect your information against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure, and access. However, no method of transmission over the internet, and no means of electronic or physical storage, is absolutely secure. By using our Services, you acknowledge and accept that we cannot guarantee the security of your information and that use of our Services is at your own risk. You are responsible for keeping your account information—and especially your login information—confidential. We ask you not to share your login credentials with anyone.

When you sign up for an account, you may be required to establish a username and password. If you create an account with us, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account password and for any activity that occurs under your account. We are not responsible for any loss or damage arising from your failure to maintain the confidentiality of your password.

If you use messaging features that allow you to interact with other users directly through our Services, please note that these communications are not encrypted and, for security purposes, you should not include any passwords, social security numbers, payment card information, or other sensitive information in such communications.

We have implemented the Invisible reCAPTCHA on our Website. Your use of the Invisible reCAPTCHA is subject to the Google [Privacy Policy](https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US) and [Terms of Use](https://policies.google.com/terms?hl=en-US).

## [**9.Retention of Your Information**](https://glitch.com/legal/privacy#RetentionofYourInformation)

We store and maintain your information for the purposes for which it is processed by us. The length of time for which we retain information depends on the purposes for which we collected and use it and/or as required to comply with applicable laws.

## [**10.Third-Party Links and Features**](https://glitch.com/legal/privacy#ThirdPartyLinksandFeatures)

The Services contain links to third-party services, and you may also integrate our Services with third-party services. For example, you may click a link within a project that takes you to a third-party website. If you choose to use these third-party services or features, you may disclose your information not just to those third parties but also to their users and the public more generally, depending on how their services function. Datallog is not responsible for the content or practices of such third-party services. The collection, use, and disclosure of your information will be subject to the privacy policies of the third-party services, and not this Privacy Statement. We urge you to read the privacy and security policies of these third parties.

You may be able to use third party login information to log into our Services, and you may be able to publish comments and any other activity on our Services to a third party service, such as a social networking, search, sharing, and other service delivered by a third party. We are not responsible for the sharing, posting, commenting, or other content and information-gathering practices on any third party service. Please review the third party service’s terms of service and privacy policies carefully before using their services and connecting to our Services.

## [**11.Children's Privacy**](https://glitch.com/legal/privacy#ChildrensPrivacy)

The Services are not intended for children under 13 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal Information from children under 13 years of age. We will take reasonable steps to delete Personal Information (as defined by the United States Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act) as soon as reasonably possible if we learn that we have inadvertently collected it from children under the age of 13 without parental consent.

If you learn that your child has provided us with Personal Information without your consent, you may alert us at <support@datallog.com>. If we learn that we have collected any Personal Information from children under 13, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account.

## [**12.Changes to our Privacy Statement**](https://glitch.com/legal/privacy#ChangestoourPrivacyStatement)

From time to time, we may need to change our Privacy Statement, and we can do this at any time. We will notify you of any material changes to our Privacy Statement through the Services at least 30 days prior to the change taking effect by posting a notice on our home page or by sending you an email to the primary address listed in your Datallog account. Also, any revisions to our Privacy Statement will be accessible through the Services, so you should review our Privacy Statement periodically. You can know if our Privacy Statement has changed since the last time you reviewed it by checking the 'Effective Date' at the beginning of the Privacy Statement. By continuing to use the Services, you are confirming that you have read and understood the latest version of this Privacy Statement.

## [**13.Contact Information**](https://glitch.com/legal/privacy#ContactInformation)

If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, please email us at <contato@datallog.com> or contact us through our [Help Page](https://glitch.com/help) or [Support Page](https://support.glitch.com/). We care about your privacy so DO NOT send us your credit card information and/or other sensitive information. If we need this type of information from you, we will ask you for it through more secure channels.
